#summary I kinda need some help designing the battle system + pokemon features.
#labels Phase-Design

= Introduction =

OMG HALP SO MUCH DAMN STUFF


= Problems =

Right now, I'm kinda stuck. There's a lot of thinks to implement so please help me design the classes.

1) how should i take the next move. the move could be using an item or swappign pokemon. Swapping pokemon takes precedence over using an item which is over making a move, and i'm not sure about running.

2) where do we store information about how much experience is given after you kill a pokemon? do enemy pokemon "gain experience" when they kill your pokemon or do i have to make  it so that it actually recognizes the difference between your pokemon and someone else's pokemon?

3) how are we going to set up move-learning? 

4) how do we define how moves reduce stats? Do we have to make an `enum` called `Stat` and define `ATTACK, DEFENSE, SPEED and SPECIAL`?

5) what methods does battle system have? how much of the functionality will be written in lower classes like `Pokemon` and `Move` and just called by `Battle`? How much will be controlled by `Battle`?

6) How do i differentiate between wild pokemon battles and trainer battles? Does that go into the constructor? if it does, how do i save it within the class? Should i just make two different Battle classes? TrainerBattle and PokemonBattle? would that make things easier?

alright...now that that's over, i suppose i can make room for suggesting design decisions and what i already have.

{{{

public class Battle{

  private Pokemon yours;
  private Pokemon[] theirs;
}

}}}